what's up YouTube it's Monday and this
is going to be a short one because i
have work to do so after 53 days of
waiting I finally got a response from
valve about DLC quest but it was kind of
a Dear John letter now it spells policy
not to give any reasons for rejecting a
game and actually they're really nice
about it they don't really reject games
they just say steam isn't a good fit for
your game so it's kind of a it's not you
it's me which is nice but at the same
time it's still a rejection now I got to
admit kind of hurts so let's be sad
about this for a moment okay that's it
now I have to move on because let's face
it steam would have been a big deal if
my game had gotten on there but it's
something that's outside of my control
and really my game is no less on steam
today than it was yesterday so the only
thing that's changed is now I know for
sure my game won't be on steam so then
moving on dlc quest is pretty much good
to go on both windows and mac does need
a bit more external testing but
otherwise I think I'm pretty much ready
the thing is I don't actually have any
lunch plans I don't I don't have like
press releases or press kit set up I
don't have a date in mind or anything
like that I've got a lot of stuff to
figure out as for where i'm gonna sell
it I'm going with desura so I've already
been in contact with them and they said
they'd like to carry my game so check
next I have to polish off a few of the
remaining bugs around the pc version
there's some stuff around like crazy
resolution support but other than that
it's pretty much done I think I can get
through those today then I need to
figure out how to run a beta through
desura which looks like it's going to be
pretty easy and then gather up some
users some for Windows but mostly for
Mac because that's kind of a big unknown
for me and once I've got the beta
underway I got to figure out a launch
strategy there's a lot that changes now
that I'm going to be
talking to a PC audience with my
previous games it's always been xbox so
I focused on indie sites that covered
like exploit games and things like that
but now there's this whole new world
available to me like Rock Paper Shotgun
I couldn't talk to them before because
their pc only but they're kind of a big
deal and they might like to hear about
my game and I'm sure there's lots of
other examples so i have to look into
that kind of stuff figure out who to
talk to try to drum up some contacts
should be fun and I'm kind of a side
note i don't know that waiting around
for a response from scene was a good
idea now I wasn't like idly waiting i
said i was working on the mac port and
some other projects which is fine but
even still dlc quests probably could
have come out on pc much earlier than
this and i think if you have a sure
thing for steam and by sure thing i mean
like you've already talked to valve and
they're like yeah we'd love to sell your
game if you have that kind of a sure
thing then it makes sense to make all
your launch plans revolve around when it
gets released on steam otherwise i don't
know that it's worth it because when you
pitch a game steam you have to make sure
that your game is basically finished
they're willing to look at slightly
unfinished games but it has to be very
close to finished so you can't show them
something partway through a project and
then continue working on it while you
wait for a response because you'll get
something back that just says no and you
won't know if it's because your concept
was no good or if your implementation
that you sent them just wasn't up to par
so I will continue to submit future
games to steam if I think they have a
chance but i don't think i'm going to
wait around for a response anymore
either i'll try to send them so far in
advance that i'm still working on the
game by the time i get a response or
i'll just go through launch motions on
whatever platforms i tend to launch on
at the same time waiting for a response
for steam so for future games if I could
if I plan on going to suara and steam
I'll just go through release on desura
and if steam gets back to me at some
point that's great okay so I've got
law to work to do got a beta test to run
game finished game to launch on strategy
to make pretty sure the order of those
is going to have to change because I
didn't make any sense but I'm gonna hop
to it I'll see you Wednesday YouTube
thanks for watching